README.md, before:

![FOSSGUY](FOSSGUY2.png)
### FOSS Finder

FOSS Finder is a free and open-source software alternative recommendation website. The website allows users to find free and open-source alternatives to proprietary software across different categories such as office suites, multimedia tools, developer tools, and more. FOSS Finder is currently being built and maintained by a team of students.

### Proposed Features

* Browse different categories of software alternatives
* Filter results based on platform, license, and popularity
* View detailed information about each software alternative, including its features, user reviews, and download links
* Submit new software alternatives to be added to the website
* Review existing alternatives to help others find the best options

### Getting Started

To get started with FOSS Finder, clone the repository and enter the foss-finder/FossFinder directory using a terminal. Then run the command "python manage.py runserver" to see a local version of the server. Intended features will allow you to browse different categories of software alternatives, search for specific software titles, and filter results based on your preferences.

### Contributors

* Rajeev Kambhatla
* Sahith Konuganti
* Ethan Laszlo
* Jack Nishanian
* Shane O'Loughlin

### License

FOSS Finder is released under the GNU General Public License v3.0. This means that the software is free to use, modify, and distribute, as long as any derivative works are also released under the same license. By contributing to FOSS Finder, you agree to release your contributions under the same license.

Commit message:

Update Readme.md to reflect branch difference

README.md, after:

###This branch is a bit different because it does not have the same folder structure, but should function the same

![FOSSGUY](FOSSGUY2.png)
### FOSS Finder

FOSS Finder is a free and open-source software alternative recommendation website. The website allows users to find free and open-source alternatives to proprietary software across different categories such as office suites, multimedia tools, developer tools, and more. FOSS Finder is currently being built and maintained by a team of students.

### Proposed Features

* Browse different categories of software alternatives
* Filter results based on platform, license, and popularity
* View detailed information about each software alternative, including its features, user reviews, and download links
* Submit new software alternatives to be added to the website
* Review existing alternatives to help others find the best options

### Getting Started

To get started with FOSS Finder, clone the repository and enter the foss-finder/FossFinder directory using a terminal. Then run the command "python manage.py runserver" to see a local version of the server. Intended features will allow you to browse different categories of software alternatives, search for specific software titles, and filter results based on your preferences.

### Contributors

* Rajeev Kambhatla
* Sahith Konuganti
* Ethan Laszlo
* Jack Nishanian
* Shane O'Loughlin

### License

FOSS Finder is released under the GNU General Public License v3.0. This means that the software is free to use, modify, and distribute, as long as any derivative works are also released under the same license. By contributing to FOSS Finder, you agree to release your contributions under the same license.
